Hello everybody and welcome to this section on animation.
Now we're going to be doing Sprite based animation rather than a bone based animation.
So we're actually going to be drawing and manipulating the art ourselves rather than relying on some
underlying skeleton to do the movement for us.
And that gives us lots of creativity.
So we're going to be bringing art to life and I'm really excited because art is often a stationary object
and this gives us an opportunity to really show off how something should behave or even just to give
a little more nuance to our scene that we've created.
Now we're going to make some simple animations obvious.
The animation can get very very complex as we go and we're going to stick with that low resolution that
we've had before mainly for our own sanity rather than anything else.
We're going to do something like simple switching so switching colours on and off or a light switch
or blinking LCD that sort of animation.
Following on from that we can do something like a geometric progression like waves and clouds.
Those are going to be great fun to do.
Then we're going to go on to a flickering light of flames and perhaps even have a look at how that might
effect the environment that light is in as well.
And then finally an explosion saw something that's dynamic and changes over time quite considerably
from its original state.
And then finally of course we need once we've created this animation to get it into a form that is exportable
and in portable into other programs so we'll be making our own Sprite sheet that we can then import
into a game engine.
I hope you're excited.
I am and I will see you in the next lecture.